Depends on what style of music specifically you're talking about.

If you're talking about contemporary Christian worship singers like Elevation Worship and Jeremy Riddle, most of their music tends to live primarily in the octave of G3 to G4. This is mostly for the reasons that /u/mursicale pointed out -- it lets the congregation sing along more easily. I've noticed, though, when it comes to congregational music, there seems to be a bias towards ranges that are more favorable for females voices, even if they are underdeveloped, rather than men with underdeveloped voices. It's interesting because you even have people like Phil Wickham or Chris Tomlin who are tenors, but they still tend to sing mostly in this range for the same reasons.

Now, if you're talking about black Gospel worship artists -- people like Anthony Evans, William Murphy, and Todd Dulaney -- then they just sing high regardless, because it's part of the style. The music generally sits in an overall higher range than contemporary Christian music because they go for a bit more of a hyped up vibe behind the music, whereas contemporary Christian music tends to be a bit more meditative, so you don't want to sing too high. High notes, especially above a G4 in a male voice, signal great excitement or a very strong emotion, and it's something you have to keep in mind when composing music. Good composers are aware of this, especially if they compose specifically for voice.
Alvin Slaughter maybe?

Ron Kenoly? (But he's more Brooklyn Tabernacle-type of Gospel)
10. Colton Dixon
. Jeremy Camp













10 OF THE BEST MALE VOICES IN CHRISTIAN MUSIC TODAY
Jul 29, 2014
10 Of The Best Male Voices In Christian Music Today

How do you come up with a top 10 list of the best male voices in Christian music today? Lucky for you, that’s my problem and struggle and not yours, but let’s see if you agree. Christian music has transformed and exploded with artists like Michael W. Smith who began in the 80’s and hasn’t stopped singing. Or Ben Calhoun of Citizens Way who I could listen to for hours. Some obvious names come to mind, such as Mac Powell from Third Day, who are so engrained in music that I can’t imagine him ever retiring. Get ready. Get set. GO!


Here are 10 of the best male voices in Christian music today!

10. Colton Dixon
After season seven of American Idol, Colton Dixon made waves in the Christian music world with “You Are”. It’s hard to listen to a Christian radio station and not hear “More of You,” “You Are” or “Our Time Is Now”. He has a strong following and I’m excited to see where God takes him.



9. Jeremy Camp
Burden Me was the first album released by Jeremy Camp. He has been on the Christian music scene for a long time, but started humbly playing during worship services while in college. This lead to performing throughout Southern California and he hasn’t stopped since. “I Still Believe” and a few other songs from early in his career reflect the illness and death of his first wife, who died in February 2001 – just three and a half months after they were married. Some of my favorite Jeremy Camp songs include “There Will Be a Day”, “Stay”, “Beautiful One” and “Healing Hand of God.”




?

8. Mike Weaver – ­Big Daddy Weave
Mike Weaver has been the lead singer of Big Daddy Weave since the band formed in 2002. His voice is so smooth and the words sink in deep when he sings “Redeemed”, “The Only Name (Yours Will Be)”, “What Life Would Be Like”, “Every Time I Breath” and so many other songs.

7. Mark Hall ­– Casting Crowns
Casting Crowns is a household name if you love Christian music. Lead singer Mark Hall is one of seven youth pastors who make up the group, but they originally were not focused on traveling and fame. I love their music because each song brings a unique message that is relevant as a Christian today. One of my favorite songs Mark Hall sings is “Praise You In This Storm.” “Who Am I”, “Glorious Day (Living He Loved Me)”, “Voice of Truth”, “Courageous” and “Lifesong” are also amazing!

6. David Frey – Sidewalk Prophets
Seeing David Frey perform is something you need to experience! His voice is a mixture of soul, smoothness and effortless beauty. Sidewalk Prophets was originally a group of guys who met in college and unexpectedly got the break of their lives while attending Anderson University in Indiana. My two favorite albums are Three Simple Truths and Live Like That.

5. Michael Tait – DC Talk, Newsboys
If you listened to Christian music in the 1990’s you probably remember the young Michael Tait as lead singer of DC Talk. The band broke up suddenly and he formed a band simply called Tait in 1997. He has been the lead singer of Newsboys since 2009. I love hearing DC Talk songs on the radio and my favorites are “Jesus Is Just Alright” and “Jesus Freak”. Powerful songs with Michael Tait as the lead singer of the Newsboys include “We Believe”, “God’s Not Dead (Like a Lion” and “Your Love Never Fails”.


4. Matt Maher
Matt Maher is one of my favorite Canadian Christian musicians, although he now resides in Arizona. He has been in the Christian music industry for a while, with his first album (The End and the Beginning) released in 2001. A few songs of Matt Maher that speak to my soul include “Your Grace Is Enough”, “Rise Up” and “Lord, I Need You.”

3. Bart Millard – MercyMe
Thankfully Bart Millard didn’t become the pro football player he dreamed of after he became injured. Instead, he joined the choir while attending Southern Methodist University, which lead to a path of music and eventually forming the band MercyMe. In 2002, the song “I Can Only Imagine” topped the Billboard 200 in mainstream music and they won a Dove Award. Bart Millard’s voice is upbeat and powerful. I love the songs “Greater”, “Shake”, “The Hurt & The Healer”, “Beautiful” and “Word of God Speak”.



2. Michael W. Smith
I like to refer to Michael W. Smith as the grandfather of Christian music because he has been so influential and solid as a musician, Christian and family man. His style is very worship centered and so many of his songs have become part of church worship services. Seeing him perform live is an experience like no other – you will come away feeling uplifted as you sing and glorify God together. A few favorite songs include “Breathe”, “You Won’t Let Go”, “Place In This World”, “You Are Holy (Prince of Peace)”, “Open the Eyes of My Heart” and “Here I Am to Worship.”


1. Mac Powell – Third Day
Mac Powell’s voice is timeless in a way that is so beautiful. If you have the chance to see Third Day in person you will be blown away! He formed Third Day with guitarist Mark Lee in high school. “I Need a Miracle”, “Cry Out to Jesus”, “Born Again”, “Revelation”, “